Oh
kina love the color
hey everyone welcome to the block review
episode 57 before I get started I just
want to clarify for you guys these are
not made by sega toys or spin master
from what the box shows at least it
didn't say sega toys or spin master
anywhere on them you can see the wings
don't move the feet don't move the head
doesn't move there's no g-power all does
is light up so these are nothing but
just regular toys they're not actual
block gone so they're not really worth
buying unless you just wanted to have a
Bakugan late for some reason yay so
anyway the reason I'm doing this video
is because I was at target last night
and they had a spot for the evil twin
packs which is what I was going for but
they didn't have any but at least since
they have a spot I know I can call and
ask if they have evil twin packs and
they can look on the shelf and find a
spot that says evil twin so even if they
know nothing about Bakugan at least
still know what they're looking for with
that name but um they have the deluxe
battle gear and that's obviously why i'm
doing this video it's really having a
hard time figuring out how to review
this because i have quite an opinion of
these that i think i'm just going to
save to the end and i'm just going to go
ahead and just start by showing you i
got Air Corps I didn't get any of the
other ones so let me first open it up
and as you can see it lights up just
blinks there's no sounds or anything but
all it does and this part is no longer
something that just pops up its manual
now so you have to actually pull that
part up this has 110 GS so obviously
it's more powerful than the normal air
course and the DNA code did not give me
an Air Corps it just gave me 300 block
of coins so why don't we equip this to
are not here so I can show you so
obviously it blinks
and that's pretty much it so now let me
explain to you why I don't like these
things first off watch this the
slightest tap oh these things are heavy
and the magnet just does not hold up on
Bakugan now let me switch to da rack now
Derek it's fine do you know why it's fun
it's because the tail is keeping it on
not because it's staying on so if he
didn't have his tail I'm sure this is
fall off just as easily so that's one
thing I'm really not impressed by the
other thing is some of these and this
one looks ok but like battle turbine for
example it just has the claws at the
bottom and then it looks kind of like
that it doesn't have like these two
little barrel things just one on each
side so it looks kind of awkward and
like twin destruct er it was like a cube
and instead of seeing like the long gun
barrels it kind of looked like just like
a little nubs coming out of it I just
thought they looked really bad and I
remember seeing pictures and I thought
they looked really cool but then when I
actually seeing them now they just I
don't know I just didn't really like him
at all and like I said you don't even
get an air corps on game on back on
Bakugan dimensions you just get a just
300 coins so it's nothing special there
either so the only reason I bought this
was just to review one but I really
don't like them at all and being a
collector if i were to collect all these
not only did I have to buy Air Corps
here but I don't know how many different
attributes everything comes in but I saw
that twin destructors came in both gold
and silver so more than likely there's
other attributes of Air Corps as well so
I'm guessing there's all three
attributes out there and that would mean
you'd have to buy one of each if you
were going to collect them all and not
only that they're ten dollars each for
just for these things and I just really
don't think it's worth it I mean it's
kind of expensive already buying the
regular battle gear
then the pay ten dollars for these it's
not really something I want to do so I
mean like I said it's blocking on
dimensions it does nothing for you the
only plus to these is that this is 110 g
so I'm assuming all the deluxe
battlegear have high G power as opposed
to the regular ones so if you actually
play the game with your friends then
these might be worthwhile to you because
they're obviously a give you an extra
boost in battle but aside from that I
don't like them at all and I don't
really recommend them so I mean that's
just my opinion but I mean you guys
might like them I just don't care for
them at all i think it's just kind of
another way to make money off the same
battle gear pretty much that have
already been released instead of giving
us new valve gear for the Bakugan we
just get redone versions for a higher
price that just blink so yeah like I
said um don't really recommend them but
it's pretty much all I have to say for
this video this is going to be the only
video on deluxe battle gear because I
don't plan on buying any more but for
some odd reason they become amazing or
lower priced or something that I might
consider it but I highly doubt that
pretty much my next review will
hopefully be the evil twin packs but if
not then hopefully wave 3 so I guess
we'll see what happens thanks for
watching you guys